## AppMenu Module Documentation ##

  The AppMenu module displays an application launching menu. This menu displays 
application shortcuts loaded from standard desktop entry files, and from a JSON 
configuration file. The user can use this menu to launch applications, or to 
focus the window of an application that was already launched through this menu.
 
 The menu is constructed from folders generated from the appMenu.json 
configuration file. Each folder may contain any number of application shortcuts 
and child folders. Folders may also have a list of application categories. All 
desktop entries that share application categories with a folder will be added to
that folder as additional menu items.

  The menu structure is fully configurable, both through the appMenu.json
configuration file, and directly through the menu interface. The user may right 
click or use a keyboard shortcut to create popup context menus, which can change 
the order of menu items, add new items, delete menu items, or edit any of the 
properties of existing menu items. The most significant limitation is that menu 
items generated by desktop entries cannot be reordered. These will always be 
listed alphabetically within their folders, after any menu items defined in the 
JSON file.

 The AppMenu provides support for multiple display formats. The display format 
defines the layout of the menu, and controls how user input events are applied 
to the menu. The selected format may be dynamically changed. Through the 
AppMenu::ConfigFile interface, other objects may change the menu format, and 
adjust various display properties for each menu format. AppMenu provides the
AppMenu::SettingsComponents class to generate UI components that allow the user
to directly change AppMenu display settings within the application.

## Public Interface ##

# AppMenu/AppMenu.h #
  Creates the AppMenu, returning it as a generic juce::Component pointer.

# AppMenu/ConfigFile.h #
  Gets and sets the menu format and menu display properties.

# AppMenu/SettingsComponents.h #
  Provides UI components that allow the user to view and change menu format
  options.
